Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
This is my favorite story.
It's the story about two people
so in love that anything
seemed possible.
Those people were my great
grandparents. who in 1931.
with nothing more than the
clothes on their backs.
crossed this country in
search of a new life.
And when they got here. it
looked nothing like it does now.
There was no trees.
no barn. no house.
And with just a dream. they
started planting maple.
And eventually my
grandparents took over.
planted more. and
same with my mother.
And now. four generations
later. Maple Valley Farm
is the largest maple
syrup farm in Montana.
And terrible joke alert.
but when I am feeling sappy.
I like to remind myself
that patience and hard
work begets sweetness.
And speaking of sweetness.
maybe you wanna gift
some for Christmas.
So awkward segue
and shameless plug
for our popular barrel
aged maple syrup
and other delicious
maple sourced products.
Now. if you'll follow me.
we will make our way
to the gift shop.
Our wonderful ranch hands.
Margot and Ollie.
are here to help you.
And if you need
a Christmas tree.
be sure to visit our neighbors
at the Fernandez Tree Lot.
Just make a left
out of the driveway.
You can't miss it.
And don't forget.
Maple Valley Farm
hosts an unforgettable week
of Christmas activities.
We have a giant tree lighting.
We've got photos with Santa.
a Maple Christmas Fair.
and the not to miss prime
rib sleigh ride dinner.
So check out our website.
or just pester Margo.
How's it going?
Pretty good.
I'm just about finish the books.
I just need the sales from the
last few days of the quarter.
and then we can go
over into the numbers.
- Ooh.
- What you got there?
Oh. we're packaging
and gift wrapping
for The Maple Shoppe.
Wait. we already need more?
Business is good.
So is your husband.
because I brought you
guys some peppermint bark.
My hero.
Mwah.
- I know.
How long will you be staying?
Mom. what are you saying?
Something about
a family meeting.
When did you learn Italian?
Oh. I spent a lot of
time with your mother.
- Uh-huh.
- Trevor's right.
And I do wanna have
a family meeting.
Don't worry.
No. everything's okay.
I just have some news to share.
Well. it's not
gonna be shocking.
because as you know.
I've been pulling back
a little from the farm.
you know. working less.
Oh. we've noticed.
And you also know that I've
been thinking about retiring
and I've decided
it's finally time.
I have loved every
minute of my life here
of raising you two here.
working alongside you.
I mean. it's. it's
been a dream come true.
And. uh. now I'm. I'm. I'm
ready for a new chapter.
And you're ready
to take the reins.
You know. my mother
passed this land onto me
and now I get to pass it on
to you two. to run together.
This place doesn't
run without you.
Of course it does.
But you're our glue.
Oh.
I know that this is
gonna be a big change.
but I also know that
you two. you got this.
We're gonna be partners.
Partners.
Aw. we're gonna
miss you. boss.
Okay.
Hey. buddy.
Phoenix file?
- You bet.
- How's the old man's mood?
Oh. you know how he
gets over the holidays.
I do. and every Christmas
I'm hoping that this is
the year he's gonna change.
That would be a
Christmas miracle.
Oh. yeah.
Dad. looking good.
New tie?
All right. let's talk
about the Phoenix property.
So after reviewing the file.
it looks like. well. there's
a lot of good options
for the land next
to the retail space.
Affordable housing.
community garden. a park.
Show me the numbers.
We're still. we're still
working on the numbers.
So we're basically not
meeting our timeline.
Aaron.
lean on them.
Dad. it's 10 days
till Christmas.
Everyone's in holiday mode.
Okay. I'll check in on Monday.
Can you set up a call?
Yes. but just to remind you.
I'm out of the office
starting tonight.
Heading home for the holidays.
What do you do for
Christmas. Connor?
Oh. my whole extended
family comes to town.
There's lots of
cooking. lots of eating.
Someone brings up old drama.
Multiple people cry.
Beautiful family traditions.
What about you two?
What do they Davenport's
do for Christmas?
- I golf.
- I ski.
Steve. it's the real estate
agent who called earlier.
Are you buying
another property?
Hopefully.
I'm glad I'm kept in the loop.
By the way. Dad. I'm out of
the office at noon tomorrow.
I'm going to Aspen.
So you're leaving
the office early.
Long vacation.
Must be nice.
I'll be working remotely.
It's fine.
I work hard. so you. my son.
can play hard.
♪ Santa Claus won't
make me happy ♪
♪ With a toy on Christmas Day ♪
♪ I just want you for my own ♪
♪ More than you
could ever know ♪
♪ Make my wish come true ♪
You're early.
First one here gets
to pick the music.
Those are the rules.
Well. the joke's on you.
because I would've
picked this anyway.
♪ Oh. I won't ask for
much this Christmas ♪
So it's pretty crazy
about Mom. huh?
I mean. we knew it was coming.
but still it's a big change.
Yeah. I know.
But sometimes change is good.
even taking some risks.
Are you saying I
don't take risks?
I'm not not saying it.
Are you sure you're okay
with us being partners?
Of course.
Why?
'Cause we're sisters.
Yeah. but we'll be
good business partners.
I mean. you have the MBA. I
have the technical knowhow.
We have complimentary skills.
Yeah. plus the farm
runs like clockwork.
so everything will be fine.
Exactly.
Oh. girls. look
what Andres gave us.
Just a way of saying thank you
for sending so much
business my way.
Oh. nice try. honey.
but you gift us a tree
every year.
Well. it's always my pleasure.
And this will be the
last year as. uh...
Well. the day you've all
been waiting for has arrived.
I spoke with my
sister this morning.
Everybody's finally on board.
Wait. you're
selling your property?
Well. you're just so happy
to not have me as your
neighbor any longer.
No. no.
We. we will miss you.
And we will come
visit you in Florida.
especially in the winter.
You know how much your
land means to our family.
And I know how long
you've wanted it back.
We will have to discuss
it first. so of course.
So I just wanna give you a
heads up about a little issue.
If it were up to me.
I would sell the
property directly to you.
But it's my sister's land too.
And they want a public sale.
So you're listing it.
Yes. but it's
just a formality.
Of course. no. we understand.
Alright. good.
Well. I gotta get going.
Okay.
Thanks.
Don't worry. the
lands as good as ours.
Who's gonna want a property
in the middle of
nowhere Montana?
Okay. thanks so much.
Yeah. you have a great
holiday season as well.
Okay. bye-bye.
Aaron.
Hey. pal.
No. no. no. no.
Whatever my dad has sent
you here to tell me. no.
My flight to Aspen
is in an hour.
Yeah. about that.
Teeny weeny change of plans.
Your dad needs you
to look at a property
in Maple Valley.
Montana tomorrow.
What?
Maple Valley. why
does that ring a bell?
And why does this have
to happen on my vacation?
Because the property
just got listed.
And supposedly.
your dad has had his eye
on this location for years.
And you know how he gets
when he wants something.
Oh yeah. yeah. I do.
And right now what he wants is
for me to not go on vacation.
But he always gets
what he wants. right?
How's it looking?
Good.
I think this one
can use a new tap.
We've got two
old tap holes here.
Maybe let her heal.
Oh. no. Archie got out again.
Better go check
the trail for him.
Do you want me to go?
No. I got it.
You two get outta here?
Hey. there. boy.
Hi.
You lost?
Where'd you come from?
I'm gonna get on
your back. alright?
We're gonna get you home.
Come on. Archie.
where are you?
There you are.
Archie.
So that's your name.
Gotta stop running off. buddy.
Thanks for finding him.
Pleasure.
Surprised you're having
such an easy time with him.
I grew up around horses.
Anyway. thanks
for saving the day.
What are you doing out
in these woods anyway?
I was. I was just driving by
and I saw Archie here
looking like a lost puppy.
I figured somebody must
be looking for him.
I need to find my car.
Do you know where a
Til-Tilden Lane is?
Yeah. uh...
You know. why don't I get
Archie back and I'll walk you.
It's the least I can do.
Sure.
I'm Erica. by the way.
Aaron.
Where am I?
You're on my family's
maple syrup farm.
Weird.
What is it?
It's just familiar.
Well.
So this is a maple farm.
Where's all the syrup
and the lumberjacks
with the flannels
carrying the big buckets?
Oh. well. the maple
syrup doesn't exist yet.
'cause the sap is
still in the trees.
It doesn't flow until
late winter. early spring.
Then we'll harvest
the sap. boil it down.
grade it. bottle it.
As for the lumberjacks.
they're probably with
the other outdated ideas
about farming.
This farm's run by my mom.
Actually. now it's run
by my sister and me.
So you're female lumberjacks?
Lumberjackies?
What. what is this?
Oh. it's part of our
Christmas themed horseback ride.
We take groups to the
candy cane forest.
past the twirly swirling
gumdrop plains to here.
the mistletoe meadow.
It's a social media favorite.
I know why this
is familiar to me.
I've been here before.
It was a family vacation.
I was probably seven
or eight years old.
Is that possible?
Yeah.
My mom or grandma
would've been your guide.
Wow.
What a small world.
Come one.
So this is your job.
You take people out
on horseback ride
to bring 'em to the
mistletoe so they can kiss.
Yeah. it's. it's what
it says on my LinkedIn.
So. I obviously do other
things than that. but yes.
part of my job does entail
trying not to watch
happy couples kiss
while fielding
questions from strangers
about my dating status.
Oh. I'm sure that
never gets old.
No. never.
I love twice a day.
five days a week.
people asking me
why am I single?
Sure it's tough
though. to date here.
You know. it's a small
town. small pool.
But you can date tourists.
Yes. but I don't
date the tourists.
We're almost back.
So you're from out of town?
Yeah. San Diego.
Not too far.
Why you out here?
Just. uh. just
here for business.
Just passing through.
It's a nice hat.
Where can I get
something like this?
You don't get a cowboy hat.
You earn it.
Said your car's on Tilden Lane?
Yeah. yeah. it's. uh. it's
right past the turn off.
It's not too far.
I'll walk you.
Oh. there you are. hun.
Eggnog's ready?
Mom?
Ah. who do we have here?
Hi. I'm Aaron.
Archie got out.
Aaron found him.
Oh. well. let us thank
you with some eggnog.
Okay.
Come on in. Aaron.
This is my younger daughter.
Heidi and her husband. Trevor.
This here is Aaron.
He's our honorary
ranchhand for the day.
Archie got out and he found him.
Oh. hi.
Nice to meet you.
- Howdy.
Would you like
that eggnog now?
I am definitely
ready for that eggnog.
So were you guys
doing something?
No. we're just hanging out.
- Mm-hmm.
- Just voluntarily hanging out
with relatives for fun?
That's what we do.
I've heard of this. but
I've. I've actually never.
I never witnessed it.
- Pretty shocking to me
the first time I did it too.
You know. this is
incredible eggnog.
Oh. thank you.
Old family recipe.
A very old one.
My great-grandma perfected it.
We've toned down the bourbon.
Winter's used to be colder.
So. Aaron. where
are you coming from?
Born and raised in San Diego.
Just visiting Maple Valley?
Yeah. I'm just. um. passing
through on my way to Aspen.
If you're still
around tomorrow.
why don't you come
to the tree lighting?
Starts at dusk.
Yeah.
If I'm still here tomorrow.
I will definitely be there.
Wow.
It's so beautiful.
And freezing.
Hey. you don't have to walk me.
Oh. uh. if you're sure.
You just had some
snow in your hair.
Wow. okay.
I'm so sorry.
I have no idea what
just came over me.
Don't apologize.
Uh. Tilden Lane?
Oh yeah. it's. it's just
behind the. the parking lot.
One more thing.
Andres Fernandez property?
Okay. it starts just at the
end of the tree line there.
Why?
It's the reason I'm here.
I'm a real estate developer
and we're looking
to buy his land.
Excuse me?
I work for a real estate
development company.
No. I know. I. I heard you.
Wanna know why I'm single?
I always pick the wrong men.
So what happened with Mr.
Real Estate development guy?
What?
Nothing. what. what do you mean?
She means. you walked him
to his car and then returned
looking like you just stuck
your finger in a socket.
I told you. that was
because I just found out
he might bid against
us for the property.
- Mm-hmm.
- Why is that such a shock?
We knew there'd
be other bidders.
I mean. not like him.
Something definitely
happened between you two.
Fine.
It stays between us.
I sort of kissed him.
Seriously?
That is so unlike you.
I know.
Believe me.
Well. how was it?
It was amazing.
It was like we had to kiss.
like it couldn't not happen.
Well. that's exciting.
No. it's not exciting.
It's not anything.
Why not?
Because. if we get
the property. I'll
never see him again.
And if he gets the property.
I'll never want
to see him again.
Listen. we should talk
about the Fernandez land.
What about it?
I'm not sure if
we should bid on it.
I think that the money could
be better used somewhere else.
But that was always the plan.
Buy the land. plant more maple.
Yeah. but plans change.
Especially business plans.
Let's discuss it with Mom.
So instead of using the money
to buy more land and maple.
which takes 30 to
40 years to tap.
we could use the money to
build the business now.
Buy our own sugaring house.
vertically integrate.
We could even go retail.
I mean. people love our syrup.
Why be limited to a gift store?
We could sell in grocery stores.
Except we can't
sell more syrup.
if we don't have more trees.
Okay. well. if
we need more trees.
then we buy more land later.
Except the land's
available now.
We can buy other land later.
But this is the land we want.
But that is an
emotional decision.
Girls. there's no
right choice here.
I can't get involved.
You're partners now.
you gotta figure it out.
There's gonna be
lots of big choices
and you're gonna have to find
a way to make them together.
You're gonna have to be patient.
Communicate with each other.
You'll be fine.
Trevor. can you
please explain it?
No. no.
Not happening. mm-mm.
Okay. let's just
table this for now.
Focus on the Christmas
tree lighting.
Hey.
Don't worry.
she'll come around.
Oh. honey. I am.
I am not worried.
But if I was worried.
wouldn't be about the land.
Hey.
I. uh. didn't know
if I was still invited
after you kissed me
and then in a totally
bewildering twist
got upset and stormed off.
Hm.
Sorry.
Apology accepted.
You wanna. you wanna tell
me what's. what's up?
My family has been on this
land for nearly a century.
Both this property and
the Fernandez land.
which we used to own.
When we came here.
there was nothing.
And we planted and we built
and we turned it
into what it is now.
But there were hard times
and it was bad weather.
Sap didn't flow. machinery
broke. and we needed money.
So we sold what became
the Fernandez land.
We've been waiting 30
years to buy it back.
Wow.
I wish you would've
told me that earlier.
Look. I mean. there's facets
of the land that weren't ideal.
I had my doubts. and
maybe that's a sign.
I'll just. I'll tell
my dad it's a no go.
Really?
Yeah. no problem.
Okay. I. I'm very grateful
and definitely not trying
to change your mind.
but you're sure?
Yes. yeah. no. the land.
it wasn't right for us.
And obviously it
means a lot to you.
Now. if you excuse me. I.
uh. I'll go call my dad.
Yep.
Hey. Dad.
Did you put our offer in yet?
No. I didn't. didn't
put the offer in.
I've actually changed my
mind. we're not gonna bid.
Why not?
Well. there's a lot
of. lot of reasons.
Lots of reasons.
Um. you know. the. the. the
land isn't really build ready
and. uh. we'd have to dig
more wells. run more power.
We'd have to also
change the zoning
to get out of its current use.
Oh. I see what's going on.
You don't want to bid because
you don't wanna stay out there
while I close the deal
and send the surveyors.
You want to go to Aspen?
No. that is not the reason.
The reason I don't wanna bid
is because the
neighbors want the land.
And?
And it's not worth
our time or energy.
Working isn't
worth your energy?
Then what is Aaron?
Because this is your job.
This is our company.
Your company.
Okay. well. it. it will
be yours one day. right?
Well. if it's
gonna be my company.
then I don't want this
property in my portfolio.
Why. because the
neighbors want it?
You know what?
You give up too easy.
Look. Dad. this land
is not right for us.
There are a lot of other
options in Montana.
I'll find you something else.
I gotta go.
No. no. no. wait. ah.
It's done.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I'm. I'm a little sad though
that we're not
gonna be neighbors.
Well. you wouldn't have lived
on the property anyway. right?
Yeah. I probably
would've turned it into a
vacation community or...
That would ruin it.
It's quiet here. it's pristine.
We've avoided
development for so long.
Hopefully you've
avoided it again.
So tell me about this. what.
Montana. big sky. big tree?
Oh. I will have you know
this is not just any big tree.
This was my grandparents' first
Christmas tree in Montana.
My grandma got a live
tree and planted it here
and then every year
they would decorate it
and have a little tree lighting.
It's now a very
big tree lighting.
You're lucky. my family
never did any of this stuff.
Why. what did your
family usually do?
Oh. expensive gifts.
emotional stonewalling.
Bailey's on cornflakes.
It's a heartwarming
time of year.
Well. I think it's special.
You can join us.
Okay. everyone.
It's time.
- Right. hey guys. hi.
- Hi.
Oh. we're hugging.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. we're huggers.
but we don't have to.
No. I. I like a. I like a hug.
Okay.
And you know what?
You have to come
by the gift shop.
I'm gonna give you a
bottle of that eggnog
that you like so much.
Oh. thank you. that's.
that's very thoughtful.
Alrighty.
do the honors.
No. I'm not doing
the honors anymore.
It's Erica and Heidi's turn now.
Or maybe Erica and
Aaron could do it.
Oh. I'm sure Aaron
doesn't want-
- That's great.
All right.
- So-
- I am so sorry.
I just have to. so sorry.
I have to get this. just be...
Connor. not a good time.
It's not a good
time either for me
to have your dad calling
me on my vacation.
about as calm as an atomic bomb.
It. it's about the phone call?
Yes.
And to cut your dad's very long
and mildly terrifying
tirade short.
he wants to buy it
and has upped our
available bidding price.
Okay. okay.
I'm. I'm. I'll handle it.
Keep me in the loop.
Bye.
I am so sorry.
Okay everyone.
it's countdown time.
Ten.
Nine.
Eight.
Seven.
Six.
Five.
- On one
you can pull the switch.
- Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Wow.
Aaron. if I didn't say it
properly before. thank you.
I know you gave up
something big for my family.
and I know I don't
know you that well.
but you're obviously
a really good guy.
so thank you so much.
My pleasure.
It doesn't have
to be this property.
I'll find us something else.
Do the right thing here.
I am doing the right thing.
I'm doing the
right thing for us.
This property means
something to the neighbors.
Yeah. and it means
something to me too.
I mean something
more than money.
Dad. you sent
me here to oversee this
and I'm telling you. it's
not the right decision.
Well. luckily
for the both of us.
you don't make the decisions.
Letting this go is
the right thing to do
and we're gonna do it.
I gotta go.
Talk tomorrow.
Hey.
We are outselling last year.
we need more of everything.
Maybe we should
plant more trees.
Heidi becoming partners is
gonna have growing pains.
It's normal.
We just gotta get through it.
I know. I'm just asking you
to consider what's
best for the business.
I am considering it.
I'm just asking
you to do the same.
Ladies. I already told you
I'm not getting involved.
You're gonna have to
figure this out together.
Not only because
you're partners.
but because I won't
always be here.
You won't always be here?
Is there something that
you need to tell us?
I won't be here because
I'm. I'm going back to Italy.
Wow. Ina. back
to Italy already?
Yeah.
"You may have the universe
if I may have Italy."
Yeah. that's
something Leo. uh...
Signore Russo. my. my
tutor. he says that.
Mom. that sounds amazing.
Honey. after 50 years
of. of nonstop work
and. you know. giving everything
to the farm and to you two.
I'm now doing
something for myself.
Well. I support it.
I mean. back to Italy
to eat. pray and love
Except without the love.
I'm happy for you.
it's just different.
Been just you and me here.
And me.
No. no. of course. I just
meant living at the house.
It's different.
No. it. it is going
to be different.
But I need to do this for
myself and I want your support.
Of course. Mom.
I'm just worried about you
being all alone. that's all.
Um. who's doing
the pickup in town?
Hey.
What a coincidence.
Ah. yeah.
Um. also. the town's
a block long. so.
That's right. huh?
Can I help you with something?
Oh. no. that's okay.
Please let me take something.
So what's all this.
Decorations. paper
goods. flowers.
It's all for the Maple
Christmas Fair tomorrow.
We host a big holiday market.
It gets a huge turnout.
You should come.
I wish I could.
but I'm on an early
flight tomorrow to Aspen.
Oh. right. yeah.
No. of course.
So. uh. tell me more
about this festival.
Oh. it's an Ina spectacular.
It was my mom's addition
to the Christmas
calendar years ago.
We sell maple goods and then
the local artists from the town
sell their arts. crafts. gifts.
It's a tourist favorite.
And a big revenue stream for us.
Seems like you guys have
a lot of revenue streams.
Yeah. but it's a
matter of necessity.
The maple business took years
to get financially solvent.
And well. we had a few bad years
and when my dad left.
we had to take out a risky loan.
That's why we had to sell the
land to the Fernandez family.
What about your dad?
Oh. you know. Christmas
cards. birthday cards.
Never on our actual birthdays.
It's fine though. we
don't hold it against him.
It's a hard life out here.
It's not for everyone.
So the Fernandez land
is about much more
than just the land.
I guess I sort of see it
as a symbol or something.
Like. like if we get that
land back. we'll be okay.
We can erase the parts of
the past we don't want.
But if I'm being totally honest.
my sister's not completely on
board with buying the land.
Oh yeah. business and
family. that can be tough.
Yeah. I guess so.
Didn't used to be though.
I mean. how do you and
your dad make it work?
No. I. I don't
think we make it work.
He gets what he wants.
I back off or give
up or give in.
And he takes that
as me being aimless
or having no follow through.
Well.
Here. let me. uh...
It's. it's okay. I got it.
I know you do.
What's going on here?
It's for the Maple
Christmas Fair.
We make all sorts
of maple products.
Mm-hmm. maple
soap. maple candle.
Maple butter. maple candies.
Oh. speaking of candies.
who's doing the candying?
Uh. I don't know
what candying is.
but if it's a verb form of
candy. I'll take the job.
Perfect.
You wanna keep an eye
on the candy thermometer.
When it hits 240.
you let it cool.
Then it needs to be stirred.
Here. this one's
ready to be stirred.
Okay.
Now. when you see
the shine on top.
you transfer the syrup.
Ah. it's hot!
Of course it's
hot. it's boiling.
I didn't know it
was gonna be so hot.
There's literally a
thermometer sticking out of it.
Sad to say. it's
in my character.
Tell me there's a
universe out there
that's ever expanding.
and I'll believe you.
but you hang a wet
paint sign on a wall.
I need to touch it to make sure
I won't do that again. okay?
Don't.
For your troubles.
It was. there's no trouble.
Well. then. I
guess. for the road.
Dad. what are you doing here?
I called you and
you didn't answer.
So I went by the inn. and they
said that you might be here.
No. what are you
doing in Maple Valley?
I'm here to look at the land.
You said you weren't bidding.
Erica. this is my dad. Steve.
Steve. this is Erica.
Nice to meet you. Erica.
So you're the neighbor
that's bidding against
us for the land?
That's me.
Well. now I get it.
Can you excuse us?
I'm sorry.
I'll be in touch in a bit. okay?
So you're throwing away this
deal for a woman you just met
that you won't know next week.
No. I'm throwing this deal
because I have principles.
Why are you here?
Because I can't trust your
decision with this land.
So 9:00 AM tomorrow morning.
you and me are going on a
little walk on the property.
What if I'm not there?
You'll be there.
Aaron's dad's here.
Turns out they are still
interested in the land.
Heidi.
- I'm giving it thought.
But I'm still not convinced.
Okay. but we only
have until tomorrow.
Ina. what are we
baking for the fair?
Well. we're gonna bake
some fudge and some babka.
yule log and a recipe of
shortbread that I found.
Girls. still on for
the fudge as usual?
Sure.
So. Ina. what are you
going to do in Italy?
Well. everything that I
didn't get to do last time.
I'm gonna explore all the
north. I'm gonna shop in Milan.
Yeah. visit Lake Como. get lost
in Venice and eat. eat. eat.
Ah. sounds perfect.
I'm so jealous.
Yeah. but won't
you get lonely?
No. no. I. I'm. I'm
not gonna get lonely
because I'm not gonna be alone.
I have wanted to tell
you for some time.
You remember my Italian tutor
from the language
school in Rome.
Signore Russo?
Just kind of happened.
Ina. are you saying you have
a secret Italian boyfriend?
No. I'm. I mean. yes. he
does call himself my boyfriend.
Mom. are. are you saying
you're going back to Italy
for a man you met on vacation?
You hardly know him.
Erica. I know him and
I care for him deeply.
And with him.
I feel like I'm being given
a second chance for love.
So be happy for me.
We are happy for you.
Really.
- Of course we are.
It's just. doesn't it
seem a little sudden.
a little too good to be true?
Erica.
What?
Just because you
don't want love
doesn't mean Mom can't have it.
Yeah. that's true.
Sorry. Mom.
That's okay.
You know. we don't really
need two people on fudge.
so I'll just get started
on the shortbread.
He'll be here.
That's him.
Mr. Fernandez.
Aaron Davenport.
My pleasure.
Well. let's get started.
Please. this way.
Ladies.
Hey.
- Hi.
You know. the fair has
always been my favorite.
I'm really gonna miss it.
Erica. we still haven't received
an offer from your family.
Right.
We're working on it.
Yes. but between you and me.
it seems that the
Davenport's are gonna bid
and. uh. window closes soon.
Well. we're bidding too.
We're offering asking price.
standard contingencies.
Good. send it as
soon as you can.
Of course.
Oh. look at this turnout.
I know. it's
incredible. right?
Heidi. can I steal
you for a second?
Ooh. your gentleman
caller is here.
I'm sorry. I. she
got it out of me.
- Hello. hi.
- Hi.
Um. what can I get you?
We have maple shortbread.
We have maple babka.
We have maple fudge.
It's a lot of maple.
What we wouldn't give
to live on cacao farm.
Can we speak?
I'm sorry.
I told my dad we shouldn't bid.
I pushed it. but ultimately
it's not my decision.
It's his. and I guess
he's still deciding.
Well. thanks for
letting me know.
And have fun in Aspen.
I'm actually gonna stay here
until this thing
gets figured out.
And besides. I gotta.
I gotta get my last minute
Christmas shopping in.
Who you shopping for?
I gotta get
something for my dad.
I'm just not sure
this is his jam.
Yeah. well. our booth
selling money bags.
bowties and top hats couldn't
make it this year. so.
Oh. because he's
the Monopoly Man.
Sorry.
No. sadly. it's.
it's kind of true.
Maybe I should
get him a monocle.
What will he get you?
Oh. he is gonna
get me something
generous and expensive.
but not necessarily meaningful.
You want something meaningful.
Yeah. that would be nice.
It's been a while.
I think the last
meaningful gift that I got
was when I was five
or six years old.
It was this fire truck.
I wanted it so badly.
When I saw it under the
tree Christmas morning.
it made all these noises.
sirens and firemen were talking.
I loved it.
Then what happened?
Then it stopped making noise
and. and I stopped
playing with it.
Hey.
- Hi.
Hi. do you know if Erica
is planning on sending
that email soon.
What email?
The offer.
You made an offer
behind my back?
What?
Andres said you were sending
him an email with an offer.
I'm sorry.
I. I was just about to
come talk to you about it.
I just didn't want us
to lose the opportunity.
No. this is not about us.
This is about you.
But you did lose
because the Davenport's just
bid way over asking price.
Hey.
You still mad at me?
Yep.
Well. I will say it again.
From the bottom of
my heart. I am sorry.
I wanted the land so badly.
I made a big mistake.
I don't know. Erica.
I. I think the fact is.
is that even though we're
supposed to be partners now.
you still just see me
as your little sister.
Well. I can be better.
Okay?
Okay.
How are you feeling
about the Davenport's
buying the Fernandez land?
Not great.
Yeah.
I mean. I know it's
not Aaron's fault.
but I still just
wanna scream at him.
Well. uh. here
is your opportunity
because he just pulled up.
What?
Yeah.
Or. other option. I
could go to the barn
and get the sleigh
ready for tomorrow.
You're going out the back.
Just tell him I'm not here.
You don't wanna be mature
and try to talk to him or...
No.
No?
Hey. Erica is not here.
Is she in the barn?
Yeah.
Yeah. she's in the barn.
Thanks. Heidi.
Yeah.
How's hiding from me going?
I'm not hiding.
I'm working.
Oh. yeah.
What are you
still doing in town?
I'm purposely
obfuscating the contract.
Don't tell my dad.
So you're moonlighting as Santa?
Is this another
Holden revenue stream?
It's for our horse
drawn sleigh ride
which starts tomorrow.
We take guests out to
a cabin in the woods.
serve them a prime rib dinner.
Well. can I. can I help?
Thanks. but I...
I'm just about finished.
Erica. I'm sorry.
I tried. I just. my dad
doesn't listen to me.
Then why do you work for him?
I'm sorry. it's
just. it's your life.
What are you doing with it?
I don't know.
But you don't think I ask
myself that every day?
You don't think that I. I
know that I'm wasting my life
trying to make my dad happy
because I don't know
what would make me happy.
Why don't you quit?
Because this has
always been the plan.
Ever since I was 10 years old.
to take over the business.
I can't. I can't
just quit on him.
I also don't know
what else I would do.
Do you wanna go for a ride?
Can I wear the hat?
I can't even get a pity hat.
Wow.
You're tough.
What?
I can almost remember
being here with my mom.
Not an actual memory.
but just a. a feeling
of how much she
would've loved it here.
Wanted to move to horse country.
My dad didn't want to.
so she would just take me
riding every chance you got.
'Til she got sick.
How old were you?
I was 10 when she passed.
Too young.
It's always too young
to have your heart broken.
I'm still curious
just to know why you're
not dating anyone.
Oh. I wouldn't say it's
why. but I was married.
I got divorced four years ago.
It's fine.
He was one of those
adrenaline seeking
four season sports kind of guys.
led trekking trips
across the country.
Came out here looking
for the Wild West.
Did he find it?
I don't know what he found.
Whatever it was.
it wasn't enough.
Little house. little
farm. little life.
He got bored of it.
Got bored of me.
That's not possible.
What about you?
Divorces. breakups?
Opportunity to trauma bond.
Nah. I don't know.
No real. I mean. couple
long relationships.
but nothing too serious.
Why not?
I don't know.
Maybe my dad was right. maybe
I have no follow through.
Maybe you'll
have follow through
when you find something you
wanna follow through on.
It's getting dark.
I have to get back.
My family does this pioneer
Christmas thing tonight.
What's that?
Like blacksmithing and
cholera. but make it Christmas.
Exactly.
Sausages.
campfire spuds.
Okay. you gotta eat up. Aaron.
Put some meat on those bones.
If there's not enough.
I don't have to-
- Oh. no.
there's more than enough.
And we're happy
to have you here.
You know. Mom started pioneer
Christmas when we were kids.
to honor our great-grandparents
who didn't have a working
stove their first Christmas.
So they cooked holiday
dinner over an open fire.
But really.
we think Mom just wanted
a night off of the dishes.
So before I leave.
I want you to meet Leo
so I suggested he come
here for Christmas.
This Christmas?
Yeah.
But it's always just us.
It's. it's tradition.
It's practically a rule.
It's just family.
But things change.
I want you to meet him.
I mean. I'd wanna meet the man
that you were uprooting
your life for.
Mom. your trip to Italy's.
not just a visit. is it?
Have you seen Mom?
I think she's on her
way back from the airport.
Wow.
So this is really
happening then.
And it's happening
sooner than we thought.
Here's Leo.
Mwah. mwah.
I am so happy to be here.
And in time for the sleigh ride.
I was afraid I'd missed it.
No. no. no. you have
plenty of time to settle in
before the sleigh ride?
- Oh. good.
Mom. when you said that Leo
would be coming for Christmas.
I didn't know you meant today.
Well. Christmas
is three days away.
If he's gonna come.
now's the time.
Yeah. I. I guess so.
Erica. I know this
is difficult for
you and I know why.
But please.
pull it together.
Should we keep
waiting for him?
No.
Follow me.
Hey there.
You here for the sleigh ride?
Do you have room?
Not in the back. but in front
if you wanna work?
Yeah. I do have
to earn that hat.
You
can wear this one.
All right.
Hello. everyone.
Welcome to the 55th annual
Maple Valley
Christmas sleigh ride.
Now technically we've been
doing this ride for 55 years.
My family has been doing
it for over a century.
ever since my
great-grandparents came here
and come winter discovered
there were no roads.
Probably why it was affordable.
Now please keep your
arms and legs inside.
And I hope you're hungry.
because we are off.
Will you give me a turn?
Oh. you think you
can handle this?
Oh yeah. I can handle it.
Keep the rein's
taut. no slack.
Don't try to force
it. just feel it.
It's not about them
listening to you.
it's about you
listening to each other.
connecting.
You're doing great.
Of course I'm doing great.
I'm a natural.
♪ Dashing through the snow ♪
♪ In a one-horse open sleigh ♪
♪ O'er the fields we go ♪
♪ Laughing all the way ♪
♪ Bells on bobtails ring ♪
♪ Making spirits bright ♪
- Anything else?
- Oh. no. no. no.
That's. that's everything.
All the guests are here. so
why don't you two grab a plate.
We've had a cancellation.
there's a table
right over there.
It's got your name
on it.
Enjoy.
Thank you.
♪ Oh. what fun it is to ride ♪
♪ In a one-horse open sleigh ♪
You know. this is very...
Ah. let me guess.
Romantic.
Special.
Amazing.
Perfect.
I am kinda like an annoyingly
positive magic eight ball.
It's not annoying.
I love it.
But yes. I was. uh. I was
gonna say all those things.
Well. they'd all be true.
I mean. it is special. right?
You know. my grandfather used
to love hosting this event.
It's amazing seeing what
it's grown into today.
We had to move it out here
to the barrel room years ago.
just to make space.
It's a great place
to host a dinner.
That was my
grandfather's idea.
You know. he used to insist
on cooking the
entire meal himself.
Or else rope me
into helping him.
but I enjoyed every
minute of it of course.
You really do
love what you do.
I do.
You should too.
I mean. I. I
love aspects of it.
I love building
something from the ground up.
I love the problem
solving. the creativity.
I just don't love the
projects my dad picks
or working with him on them.
But I really do like the work.
You ever thought about
going out on your own?
♪ Silent night ♪
♪ Holy night ♪
♪ All is calm ♪
♪ All is bright ♪
- Wanna dance?
Sure.
♪ Round yon Virgin
Mother and Child ♪
♪ Holy infant so tender ♪
♪ All is calm ♪
♪ All is bright ♪
♪ Round yon Virgin
Mother and Child ♪
♪ Holy infant so
tender and mild ♪
♪ Sleep in heavenly peace ♪
- You know.
ever since I've met you.
I feel different.
What do you mean?
I don't know. I. when I'm
with you. I. I feel found.
Come in.
Where were you today?
You just don't show up.
You're selfish.
I'm selfish?
Yeah. you're selfish.
Yeah?
Remember that Christmas
you got me that fire truck?
Vaguely.
It made all these
cool noises. I loved it.
I played with it for six months.
Then all of a sudden it
just stopped making noise.
I asked you what happened to
it and you said it was broken.
Okay.
You know Mom.
I mean. she kept. she kept
all my old toys in that chest.
Well. I came across
that firetruck.
had a note attached to it
that said. "Debbie. don't
replace the batteries.
Tell Aaron it's broken.
It's annoying."
Okay. I made some mistakes.
but I'm just trying
to teach you-
I didn't need to be taught.
I needed to be loved.
I'm gonna get back to work.
I think you've taught me well.
Ah. buongiorno.
Good morning.
Thanks.
Where's my mom?
I think she's
still sleeping in.
Oh. okay.
You're up early.
Not really.
It's 16 o'clock in Italy and
two days before Christmas.
We have a lot to do. make
a menu and shop and cook.
It's all about
food for me always.
but especially the holidays.
Maybe we should talk about
the Christmas Eve dinner menu.
We have a tradition in Italy.
The Feast of the Seven Fishes.
La Vigilia. all fish dishes.
Wow. that sounds.
it's a lot of fish.
Um. it's just. normally
for Christmas Eve.
we do maple everything.
Maple glazed ham.
maple Brussels sprouts.
I could do a maple salmon. hm?
The feast of one fish.
Yeah.
Um. you know. we could. we
could discuss that more.
But. you know. I've gotta.
just gotta get to town
and. and do some last
minute Christmas shopping.
Yes. of course.
Right. okay.
Ciao.
Erica.
Hey.
Still Christmas shopping?
Yeah. just picking
up my dad's present.
How about you?
You got your hands full there.
Uh. yeah. last minute errands.
Do you have a minute to talk?
I have something I want
to discuss with you.
Yeah.
So you remember how
you told me last night
how I should start my own firm?
Sure.
Well. I've been
thinking about it.
how I have my access to
financing. my network.
and then it hit me.
My dad. he. he hasn't signed
the contract for the land yet.
He hasn't put the deposit down.
He's done the walkthrough
and. and is waiting
on the surveyor.
So technically. other offers
can still be accepted.
Aaron. I can't
outbid your dad.
But what if you could?
What are you guys doing?
Your mom. she
made a sock for me.
A stocking. honey. stocking.
We thought while they
were hanging the stockings
that we could stuff them.
Heidi. could I talk
to you for a minute?
Yeah.
Listen. I just saw Aaron.
and I know it sounds
a little weird.
but he wants to help
us buy the land.
as like a silent partner or
a guarantor or something.
See. then the land
would cost less
and we'd have more capital left
over for your business plan.
Erica. I said no to the land.
And then you went and
got Aaron involved.
No. no. it was
entirely Aaron's idea.
Yeah. maybe. okay. but it
still feels disrespectful to me.
How?
It has nothing to
do with respect.
You know. this
is the same issue
that we've had our entire lives.
where you're the big
sister and you know best.
and you get to
decide everything.
where you and Mom are a team
and I'm just...
What?
I didn't know
you felt that way.
Yeah. well. I do.
And I also feel like
you don't listen to me.
We're supposed to partners.
I'm beginning to wonder if
we're even capable of that.
How'd the survey go?
Good. yeah. it's a go.
Just waiting on the report.
And once I get it. I'll
send the deposit over.
Dad. I'm. I'm asking
you one last time
not to move forward with this.
And I'm telling you. no.
Then I quit.
Oh. come on Aaron.
you're not gonna quit.
This company's gonna
be yours one day.
I don't want it.
Of course you do.
because that's been the
point of this whole thing.
All my hard work to make sure
that even when I'm not there.
you'll be taken care of.
No. it's not.
You didn't do this for me.
You did this for you.
You know. I don't know how to
fix things between you and I.
but I know it starts with me
not working for you anymore.
I thought I'd find you here.
I got some news.
In today's episode of Davenport
Drama. I told my dad I quit.
Wow.
And we probably only
have until tomorrow morning
to make an offer.
Yeah. right. um. about that.
Thank you for trying and
all the effort you put in.
but we're not gonna do it.
Why not?
Heidi doesn't want to.
And she's right.
It's an emotional decision.
Yeah. but sometimes
those decisions
lead to the best decisions.
And sometimes they're the
decisions that we regret.
The ones we wish we could
run away from or undo.
the ones that leave you bored.
I'm not your ex.
I know that.
But you're still...
Go on. I'm still.
I'm still what?
You're a rich kid who's lost
and thinks he'll find himself
by putting on a Stetson
and playing cowboy.
Look. I support you
finding yourself.
But whatever it is
you're looking for.
you're not gonna find it here.
Maybe you don't
pick the wrong guys.
Maybe you pick the right guys
and just drive them away.
Maybe I do.
But like I said. I
don't date tourists.
You know. I was
trying to figure out
what I had to do
to earn that hat.
But I realized you were
never gonna gimme that hat.
Oh. come decorate.
But we already decorated.
Leo brought his family
ornaments from Italy.
so we're adding them.
But we always do the
tree a certain way.
It's just a tree.
It's not just a tree.
It's a way things are.
It's a way things
have always been.
a way they're supposed
to continue being.
Okay. honey. but things change
and. and we're gonna move
through this together.
We're not gonna move
through it together
because you're leaving.
And it seems like
you wanna leave too
since all we do lately is argue.
I'm trying here.
But maybe you just don't
know how to be a partner.
Heidi.
I'm sorry.
But. well. you always wanna
prove how you don't need anyone.
you can do everything
on your own.
Maybe you should.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means that I don't
wanna lose you as a sister.
so maybe I need to
lose you as a partner.
'Cause it seems like you
would rather run the farm
on your own. so do it.
Buy me out.
- Hi.
- Hey.
Just checking out.
Oh. sure.
Oh. yeah. actually. your
father left this for you.
Thanks.
"I replaced the batteries.
Dad."
All your maple recipes.
just how you like them.
Maybe next year we could do
the Feast of the Seven Fishes
in Tuscany.
Yes.
Erica. can you
come here a sec.
Andres?
The Davenport's
withdrew their offer.
The property's all yours.
Oh. um. well. you
see. about that. um-
Thank you so much. Andres.
Erica is excited
to move forward.
- What?
- Just um. let her know
next steps.
I'll email the documents
over after Christmas
- Okay.
- And Merry Christmas.
You too.
Heidi. I'm not
gonna buy the land.
You were right.
I can't do everything alone.
You have Margot and Ollie
and you can hire more staff.
I don't want more
staff. I want a partner.
I want a best friend.
I want my sister.
I don't wanna do
this without you.
And not just because I need you.
but because there is no
joy in it without you.
I know I've let you down.
but I am begging you to
give me another chance.
I. I will be better.
It's not just you
Erica. it's half me.
I've been so defensive
and I get jealous of
you and Mom sometimes
because it just seems
like you both belong here
more than I do. like
you're both made for this
and maybe I'm not.
That is not true.
I know it'll be a
lot of hard work.
but I don't wanna give up on us.
I want us to be partners.
Good.
Me too.
That's good. because I
can't afford to buy you out.
Then I
guess we're doing this.
I don't wanna buy the land
if you think it's an
emotional decision.
I think it's an
but that doesn't mean I don't
think it's the right one.
You okay honey?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm okay.
And I will be okay without you.
Oh. I know you will.
I'm sorry I wasn't
happier for you about Leo.
I am happy.
I guess I just felt like
you were abandoning me
and I think I always saw
you as a strong single woman
who was happy to be alone
and that made it okay for
me to be that way too.
It is okay.
And you're not alone.
Um. speaking of...
What happened with Aaron?
I messed up.
Maybe it would've worked or
maybe it never would've worked
and he'd have gotten bored
or left or broken my heart.
Well. none of that happened.
And you still have
a broken heart.
I know it's scary.
I know.
I'm terrified.
Hi. you've reached
Aaron. leave a message.
Hi.
It's me.
Listen. I know you probably
don't wanna hear from me.
I just wanna say
you're not a tourist.
And I. I should have
said this earlier.
but I feel the same way you do.
I feel
found.
and I know that you might
be an emotional decision.
but um. I also know that you
would be the best decision.
So I guess what I'm.
I'm trying to say is.
do you wanna come for dinner?
And I realize that was a
really long way of saying that.
so yeah. um.
that's it.
Bye.
Yeah.
Who's hungry?
Sorry. can we just
wait one more minute?
Hi.
Well. no one's ever been
quite so disappointed to see me.
No. I'm. I'm sorry.
I just...
Come in. please.
Everyone. this is Steve.
- Hey.
- Welcome. Steve.
- Hi.
- Steve.
I invited him.
I told him Aaron might be here.
He's not?
No. please stay anyway.
Thank you for
withdrawing your offer.
Well. it meant a lot to Aaron.
Come on in. Steve.
This is my younger
daughter. Heidi.
Hi. nice to meet you.
Trevor.
Ciao. I'm Leo.
- Okay.
- Be happy to. yeah.
Let's eat.
You wanna say thanks?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Thank you for this food.
for this family. this land.
this work and this life.
Thank you for all the things
that have come before us
and all the things yet to come.
And thank you for the
things we can't change
and all the things we can.
Yeah.
Merry Christmas.
You called.
You're late.
Maybe I got lost or
maybe I'm right on time.
And you just weren't
ready for me before.
Erica. Aaron. dinner.
Come here.
♪ You better watch out ♪
♪ You better not cry ♪
♪ You better not pout ♪
♪ I'm telling you why ♪
♪ Santa Claus is
coming to town ♪
♪ Checking it twice ♪
♪ He's gonna find out ♪
♪ Who's naughty or nice ♪
What are we doing out here?
It's freezing.
I wanted to give you
your Christmas present.
That looks good.
I guess I should have given
it to you a while ago.
Yeah. you should have.
And I just gotta say.
it's not a present
if I had to earn it.
Yeah.
You never really had to earn it.
Oh. hey.
Finally.
♪ You better watch out ♪
♪ You better not cry ♪
♪ You better not pout ♪
♪ I'm telling you why ♪
♪ Santa Claus is
coming to town ♪
♪ He's making a list ♪
♪ Checking it twice ♪
♪ He's gonna find out
who's naughty or nice ♪